### Running Rosetta to get mutated PDB structuresFiles in this folder:#### 1.Mutate_rosetta.xmlThis protocol file is designed to replace one amino acid with another in a specific position within an input PDB file.The position of the substitution is determined by the residue identifier (number) and chain in a PDB file. For example: 91D.In the used protocol, these parameters are set as two variables: RESID and CHAIN.The amino acid that needs to be changed is specified using its 3-letter name.Example: GLUIn the protocol used, the residue name is set as a RESNAME variable.The provided script is executed using the following command:${rosetta_bin}/rosetta_scripts.linuxgccrelease -s ./INPUT.PDB -parser:protocol 1.Mutate_rosetta.xml -overwrite---#### 2.Optimization.xmlThe protocol is composed of several blocks.The first block, *SCOREFXNS* specifies the parameters of energy scoring, such as scoring function, constraints, and cut-offs.The second block, *RESIDUE_SELECTORS* divides the residues of TCR-pMHC complexes into different groups. The peptide, MHC, and TCR pdb chains are set as corresponding variables:PEPTIDE_CHAIN, MHCA_CHAIN, MHCB_CHAIN, TCRA_CHAIN, and TCRB_CHAIN. In addition, the contacting residues are identified using the “Neighborhood” parameters with a 10Angstrom distance.The third and fourth blocks, named *TASKOPERATIONS* and *MOVERS* set the parameters for the optimization, specifically for minimization and repacking procedures.The *PROTOCOLS* section in the provided xml file outlines the main stages for the Rosettascripts program through an ordered list of movers. The procedure is as follows:The selected residues are repacked.The new conformation of the complex is scored.The restraints are set to CA-atoms.The constrained structure is minimized.The minimized structure is scored.The first two stages can be disabled for minimization-only optimization.The provided script is executed using the following command:${rosetta_bin}/rosetta_scripts.linuxgccrelease -s ./MUTATED.PDB -parser:protocol 2.Optimization.xml---#### Example_script_1.shThis bash script executes the modeling of single amino acid substitutions and further minimization or repacking of the TCR-pMHC contacting regions using the Rosetta package. It utilizes the rosetta_scripts program with the xml parameter files: 1.Mutate_rosetta.xml and  2.Optimization.xml. Additionally, it relies on a "pathway" file, ``../neighbors.mut_v_3aa_mhc_tcr_cdr3_HM_ONLY_same_pept_sorted_2022_04.txt`` which is in the parent folder.